do not
a moment already to review who they were
the most prominent players of the
last match in the bbva league
if the real society could not get anything out
positive of his visit to the villamarín was
largely because of a plethoric
adrián sanmiguel the goalkeeper of the
Betis quarry completed a performance
fantastic and pulled out several huge hands
merit before the strikers of the set
txuri urdin
the lesson of dani alves forced him to
debut in a classic league with only
21 years and the ballot to stop
Christian ronaldo and montoya do not know
he slowed down defensively improved
barcelona even uncovered with a shot
to the crossbar in the last minutes that to
point was to make her the hero
of the match
as I did before the Spanish pau side
reopened the path of triumph
bético with a perfect testarazo and led
always danger the actions to ball
stopped besides being very fast and
sober in defensive work
he was about to score at the exit of
a corner and he was invincible during
the whole game in the air game
sergio ramos- was applied with intensity and
forcefulness and was one of the highlights
in the draw of Real Madrid in the camp
nou
Y
September 14 to put in the area follows all
deadly penalty from 0 to 1 and the unfair
expulsion from the south and then topped the
chop marks the second of the grenade the
Romanian gabriel torje continues to grow
week to week and is winning every time
more weight the angels plans
is one of the key pieces to explain
the fantastic league start of the
athletic of madrid and before the málaga
was once again imperial in the center of
campo mario suárez brought balance and
work hugo always with criteria and had
a direct incidence to the play of the
goal that decided the match in favor of
the rojiblancos
assists aduriz in the goal of the triumph of
his team had several occasions and
he was a participant in practically all
of offensive actions of the athletic
Oscar de Marcos was the best in the duel
before osasuna and drove the lions to
add his second triumph of the championship
Vatican radio is empty
from the blow
marked the first of the beam before the
sporty and it was a headache
constant for the Galician defense
while he was on the ground of
I play the piti class again
manifest in vallecas and the
Madrileños could cut a streak of
three consecutive defeats
rescued the boat when worse was
happening with a goal of opportunism and
he was about to win the solo the
match with another free kick
masterful despite the strong marking of the
Real Madrid defender Messi returned to
shine and they already add 17 goals in
classics to only one of the record the great
alfredo di stéfano
just because you can enter
good
is in a spectacular moment and everything
what he touches ends up at the bottom of the
rival goal
Radamel Falcao executed Malaga with a
great performance and it stays the highest
of the table of gunners with 8 targets
in only seven days
and closing this ideal eleven of the last
day we found Cristiano Ronaldo
another that came out in the big city ​​of
camp nou the Portuguese crack held his
team and it was absolutely lethal
in the final meters establishing a
new brand with its six classics
followed by checking